Weekly Changelog 2023-12-25 to 2024-01-01 (#70570)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Added creatures to populate the new edge ocean.
Major board game expansion
Allow the Nunez family to move to Tacoma Commune if you help them set it up.

> Alternate Military Cargo Truck
> Added the Nag Hammadi Codices to spiritual.json
> Lockets can store photographs
> Add diet soda, because screw your free calories!
> Soldier enemies wear dogtags
> Addition of many new books, from religious texts to magazines, mainly for fluff purposes.
> Modularize Desert Eagle, add .50 AE
> Adds the Steyr Scout rifle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lockets can store photographs
Add diet soda, because screw your free calories!
Addition of many new books, from religious texts to magazines, mainly for fluff purposes.
Modularize Desert Eagle, add .50 AE
```

[MoM] Change electrokinetic overload
[Sky Island] Allow selection of room teleport behavior
[MOM] Allow high nether attunement to induce hallucinations.

> [Sky Island] Warp Pulse UI
> [MoM] Add four new powers
> [Sky Island] Add cosmetic constructions for warped shards
> Make Wakeful Rest check sleep deprivation when starting
> [Sky Island] Add dedicated crafting tab
> Paraclesian Map extras
> [DinoMod] ocean mosasaurus spawns
> Additional psychic fauna
> [MoM] Power learning revamp: Biokinesis
> [Sky Island] Allow difficulty selection for Warp Home spell
> [MoM] Migrate awakening variables from global to u_
> [MoM] Account for Seasonal Allergies in vitakinesis
> [MoM] Change success formula for psionic powers
> [MoM] Maintain science extra parity with mainline
> [Bombastic Perks] Add some new perks
> [DinoMod] plesiosaurus
> [MoM] Psi equation fixes
> [MoM] Add missing biokinesis recipes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ Sky Island ] Warp Pulse UI
Paraclesian Map extras
[MoM] Power learning revamp: Biokinesis
[Sky Island] Lots of updates
[MoM] Change success formula for psionic powers
[DinoMod] plesiosaurus
```

Professions can start with specific recipes
Food irradiation slows food decay to a quarter, instead of making it last forever
Activity suit is actually waterproof, soft surfaces are less slippery, boomer ondeath effect can be resisted

> Added sword tags back onto wooden training swords.
> Changes innawood weapon recipe tool type from "tongs" to "metalworking_tongs"
> Visitors Passes and Freight Badges no longer reveal roads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visitors Passes and Freight Badges no longer reveal roads
```

Vehicle parts check creature size, increases storage of dumpster and vehicle parts
Prevent softlock when sleeping in cramped spaces
Invalidate draw point cache if viewport size or position changes

> Fix: Correct dynamic line for Olwen in godco
> Properly clamp npc personality traits
> Singular copy-from fix.
> clarify repeater mod installation and add a vanilla quest for them
> [MoM] Stop Photokinetics from learning non-existant recipes
> Fix Invisibility
> Remove doubled pigeon definition
> Using visitor's pass or freight badge tries to reveal TCL in larger radius
> Handle invalid mod pocket contents
> Some iterator fixes for Crushing Leap
> [Sky Island] Correct warped pond shard cost
> Add items to their corresponding melee practices
> [MoM] Fix two bugs
> Randomizing character description will produce a matching outfit
> Fixes zone farming segmentation fault
> [Sky Island] Fix Warped Beacon
> Add cooking 3 requirement to milkshake_deluxe (& _choc), see #70288
> [Bombastic Perks] Perk fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clarify repeater mod installation and add a vanilla quest for them
Randomizing character description will produce a matching outfit
```
